I'm discussing this matter on a number of previous occasions.
And I believe that I did discuss with Mrs. Stevens the question of what arrangement could
be made for trying to semi-shopped work and to turn all the certain information and work
on these reports.
And that's a narration that was worked out whereby he would get two weeks going the
army and then get two weeks temporary duty in order to do some of these.
That is, he would be 40 and just that, but not particularly.
That's right.
And spend the first two weeks of his tenure in the army out of the army.
That's about right.
That's what you want.
Get a license to go.
When you got a rather unusual request to this boy here out of the millions of pilots in the
army, coming all of them that are now in the army, the fifth one man will be spent
somewhere and put through the formality of an old.
And then instead of putting on a uniform and being given the training, the suddenly
nearly given the millions of other pilots during that first two weeks, this boy of all
boys will allow day two weeks for all that you say you request.
For the purposes you say you request it, then you consider that Mr. Cornel especially
in the life.
Although all these things the request that you made in his behalf and which is I understand
you was any year has been rather unusual.
Sorry, so nothing unusual or improper.
And if there were, I'm sure Mr. Stevens would not have done it and he did do it.
Well, don't you know that as a matter of fact, Senator McCarthy, you're superior for whom you were working?
Went to the secretary, Artemis Pada, the boy, and said, don't do it.
This boy will be seen on the streets of New York in its long, by the public in the press
position in McCarthy and don't give him a list two weeks later.
It didn't happen quite that way, but I didn't happen.
It happened in this way, sir.
I thought with Mr. Stevens about the problem over the telephone, Mr. Stevens told me that
the way to work it out was by the two weeks temporary duty.
And I think he went from detail about that.
I told him that I would have to check with Chairman McCarthy and see if that arrangement was agreeable with him.
I talked to Senator McCarthy, he said that it sounded all right.
I think I then called back Mr. Stevens and said, Senator said, he thinks it's all right.
The arrangement was put into effect fine, the good of season.
Senator McCarthy has been away.
And when he came back, he said, as you put it, Mr. Jenkins said there would probably be criticism.
I think he said from the hospital press, if after Shine was inducted, he was not in uniform and down at the post
and was still working with the committee for this two weeks period.
Senator McCarthy, ten for Shine, I think he spoke to him after hearing, and asked him whether or not he would be willing to do this work.
After hours, then over weekend, after training, and go right in and put in the extra work after hours instead of recreation and other things.
And thereby eliminate the need for this two weeks and then probably would have turned into more than two weeks of temporary duty.
Shine said that he was perfectly willing to do that.
So let's do this training and the work at these same time.
Senator McCarthy then communicated with Mr. Adams or I communicated with Mr. Adams, I don't recall, and said that Mr. Shine was willing to do this work after hours.
And there would be no need for this two weeks or more of temporary duty.
But you had your fingers initially had you not.
Sir, I, I, I, you gave that yesterday an omission. Well, I can enter it in this way, Mr. Jenkins.
There was this problem. There was a question of how it could be worked out, how he could be given the time to finish this.
And this idea, he bought, I don't know whether originally it was my idea or whether I explained the situation and Mr. Stevens came back to me and said, this is the way it can be done according to regulation.
I don't recall that. And I make, I don't quarrel about it one way or the other. I'll be glad to say, it's true to the matter.
If you want me to send these first two weeks in the army, I don't need to.
Not so. The truth of the matter is that there was this problem of finishing this work committee work.
And this statement stated that one way of arranging for that would be by giving him temporary duty after his introduction.
I'm sure sir, they could have been nothing wrong with it. Well, Mr. Stevens wouldn't have done it and he did do it.
And at your request, I mean, sir, at your request, yes, I explained the situation from the beginning another way you did not long day China for date.
The first two weeks of his army, you need to truth me. I didn't care where he was. It was a question of getting this work done.
Would you want the furlough pie? No, it's a question of getting this work done.
I know whether it was to get his work done or not. I'm not asking you why you wanted the furlough now, but you want the furlough pie in the first two weeks of his army.
I'm sure because I was wondering if it was. And certainly we'll ask for all of you about it.
All right. And I like to give you the next secretary for another arrangement in the alternative.
At that time. At that time, yes. And that is this CIA.
Oh, no, that's the CIA. I think we're just going before that.
Well, now I'm just going to want to leave you from the testimony of Mr. Adam.
I'm sure it was not a telephone call, but Senator McCrackle said to me that he did not feel that this February,
he did for China was in this state.
But he felt that people, members of the court, my might be critical.
How he was here, my critical of China, Mr. Cohen, and his committee.
My confidant, it was a form of preferential treatment, and he was preferred.
And he asked to bother the range to have the temporary duty censures.
Did you know that Senator McCrackle is there?
Yes, sir. I have any talk with Shinders, I've described it, and Shinders,
I agree to do the work after hours. Senator McCrackle, the office told Mr. Adam for that.
But as you requested it to week furlough, when Senator McCrackle went over your head until the speech,
I requested it if he can. So now that's just about it.
No, sir, it is not. Not true, no, sir.
Does that happen that way?
After talking with Mr. Stevens, I told Mr. Stevens that I would have to check with Senator McCrackle
from whom I took order. I called Senator McCrackle, he told me that he thought this temporary duty arrangement would be all right.
It was put into effect by Mr. Stevens. Senator McCrackle, if he returned from the trip,
read examined the situation and decided that he would be said first of all,
that the two weeks were turned into more than two weeks because these reports certainly could not be finished.
And that he would be much happier about it if Shinders would agree to do this committee work after hours and do this training at the same time.
He first talked to Shinders to see if he was agreeable to this.
Shinders was agreeable, said he would do it. And after that, Mr. Senator McCrackle communicated with Mr. Adam just about,
as you have stated, as this, there was not any question of Mr. Green.
I took my order from Senator McCrackle on that, and I will be leaving.
Mr. Cohn, is this the fact that I, Senator McCrackle, is cold as the cocaine and unsatisfying?
But we have just related that is about not relying on this board of esteem on the streets.
I remember you about the high personal and something.
Did you have anything good for that?
That he would be given as a mission that has the balance of the weekend?
No, so I think the way that happened with it, there was a discussion right at the time as of when the cancellation of temporary duty should be effective.
Mr. Adam said I think that some floor there could go out either canceling it effective immediately.
Since the weekend is coming up, they probably, I don't know if they take people down on Saturday or Sunday, whatever it was, will make it Monday.
Is that agreeable? Or we should make it Monday. I don't remember.
My recollection is that Senator McCrackle was there. There was nothing.
Well, I think he is the testimony of Mr. Adam, so he gives very short showings.
And let's be with him, I'll be correct, sure.
I think that time and out of the Saturday, McCrackle's person, Mr. Gorn, who was aware of this request, making you the request for Sunday, McCrackle, stated to me that both, as long as it is the middle of the week now,
but you're going to get about the fourth of November. There is no use canceling it and having him reporting on Friday morning.
There is nothing for him to do, so why don't you just cancel it for him to reporting on Monday morning?
I'm just calling you to my words, with making such a request to Mr. Adam.
No, sir, I remember that there was a discussion between his diary call at Mr. Adam, spending a McCarthy in myself about it.
And that's my recollection, I could certainly be wrong about it. And that the date was set at that time.
I also remember that it was said that Friday, China was report on a Monday morning.
I think when Mr. Adam threw up the orders, it turned out that he made it a Tuesday morning, instead of a Monday morning, and there was a further mixup on that.
Do you remember a meeting with Mr. Adam that your office at 101, this building on November 1st, Mr. Cohn, on November 1st?
No, on November 1st, study it off his building on the first.
101. I don't remember, I don't even remember if I was in Washington on that date, so I had to check.
I remember that Mr. Adam stated that to you on that occasion, that it was in the national...
...loudly to testimony to you, sir, the reference to that matter.
I've pointed out to him that he's Mr. Cohn.
Without his 15 years this senior, although I did not at all presently be as good a lawyer as he was, I'm sure that I am not, that I did feel that there was one building which I could give him some friendly advice that he would take you.
Remember that?
No, sir, I don't remember that.
What did that be him?
Well, you remember him, you remember a lawyer in the US, so I think there was constantly an argument between the two of us as to which one was the federal law, I would like to get to him that he was better representing the interests of Secretary Stevens, who was just suggesting that I was better representing the interests of this committee.
I don't think either one of us arrived today, conclusion.
Mr. Adam, that's the bad news, I've pointed out to him that the national interests were far off the chain, he treated just like every other soldier.
You remember him pointing out that thing that's cool?
No, sir, and I might say that in my relationship with Mr. Adam, there were not any speeches but just that made by him for me.
Well, whether there was or whether there was, that statement is a good statement.
The very thing was that the national interests required the chain, as well as every other one of the millions of boys that have served before that are serving down that will serve here after these speeches criticized me and I used these assumptions.
I do so, but you didn't have it at all, I didn't say that.
I can say that I don't recall on any occasion Mr. Adam making a bad type of a speech to me, a relationship with not such and I just don't recall whatever having been said to me.
And here's Mr. Adam's father now, sitting right where you were a few days ago, 625-33, Mr. Adam, it was the wrong clothes to use because he exploded his back.
And that day the national interest was the thing where we were interested in, he was given us a little bit.
The outline, how they would hold the series of hearings and pointed out, pointed out the, he was given us a little national interest, if that was what we were interested in.
So when is the cost of having said, what's that happened is to call on the first day of November in Europe from 101, that's the testimony of Jeremy Adam from the call here on the week of the day.
I recall it, that's the way Sir I recall no such incident.
Well Mr. Gordon, we say you recall no such incident.
I do so.
These days we're talking about days time on November 1st.
Yes sir.
He says that you'd call the number times with me October 20th in November 1st and days time's name has been disturbed.
Ah sir, excuse me.
You say I call him.
I think that Mr. Adam's called me as much for more often than I call him.
Where are we today, sir?
You call him and he calls you.
Yes sir.
And if there were a number of calls, he says sometimes two, three.
A day and very clearly, waiting for shine.
That's not, sir, that he was discussed.
Well Mr. Gordon, in what respect were you discussing shine between October 20th and November 1st or any other time?
As I explained, you were not discussing human relations to some dispensation that you are yourself wanting to find.
So we did not consider a dispensation.
There was a matter of committee work that had to be finished.
There was a matter of training that shine was to those who had done and will continue to do in the army.
It was a matter of working both of those things out, but that they both could be done without interfering with each other.
We did not regard that, sir, as a preference.
And we certainly never asked for anything which we thought was a preference.
But you have known then for more than three months.
That you were going to lose day shine for your party space.
The side is ejector that it was published.
And that you had those three months time within which to impart to your mind the things that you had in mind, my opinion is mine.
No, Mr. President, you did not talk to me.
No, there's not quite a simple fact.
It's like 24.
We had, without going over all of a sudden, we had the one thing and probably most important thing, the question of these reports.
When in July, we tried, we tried very hard to make arrangements to have these reports which answer all just about one of the most important facts for this committee's work during the year.
We tried to have that work turned over from day shine to somebody else.
We had reasons to believe that that would succeed.
We did not succeed.
I did not know in July that it would not succeed.
I did not know that in August.
I did not know that in September.
And there is nothing I could have said about it during that period of time.
There are other things which came up.
There are things which are still coming up from time to time.
There are matters concerning the voice of America.
No matters relating back to things which he had done which I could not possibly anticipate.
And it's unnecessary for us to call him from time to time.
But he has been doing his army training.
He's been giving us his information.
And we certainly did not use any improper means such as Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams suggest on any of these things and Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams never told us that we were.
And if we were, I'm sure they would not have done any of the things we discussed.
This is cool.
Whether or not any more than the large number of telephone calls and personal contacts which were expected from one person,
whether or not those conversations were in the funniest manner of whether they were tagged or hired by any suspicious person.
Yes, there were 365 telephone calls.
I'm sure they were more.
Little more.
Sure that.
In which they be trying to name as mentioned.
Yes sir.
The army has been to 6K.
You can let me say.
No sir, I think he's been accurately stating the case.
You can say inactive.
Yes sir.
But you say that.
That there were more than 65 telephone conversations.
Sir, I know that there were times during a week when Senator McCarthy would call me or thank car another staff member than ask about something which I know about.
That we would call down to stick.
I have a call.
I'll tell us about it.
Call back Senator McCarthy.
We'll have him call Senator McCarthy directly.
And I think if you add up the number of calls.
I'm talking about the calls from the members of your staff and the secretary of the army and Miss Adams.
So I have to take care of the army says there were 65,000.
I didn't understand that to be what he said.
I thought he said sir and I might be very wrong about this.
So there were 65 calls about shine.
And I assumed he was including in that.
Calls that might have been made down before stick to the commanding general or someone who is on his staff asking the shine.
Call someone on the staff or Senator McCarthy to give them some information or answer some questions.
There were times I remember when we did not even require that shine would call up.
We would simply call down there and say can you get an answer to this question and you get us this information.
And we'll send it to Lounge or somebody else but pass along something and then call back and say the answer is this or it's look forward here or whatever the particular matter happens today.
Did you ever try to get a commission for any other parties or any other inductee others and they can't do that.
Not that I recall sir all I might have been given as a reference as I was by Mr. Shine by other persons.
Did you ever try to get any other private or inductee especially assigned to any given a reading of the army?
Where we never had anybody on our committee staff who had done this work in justice during it before.
There was no comfortable time to write.
You don't have hardly an answer to my question.
My answer to your question is no.
He's own.
Yes sir.
Do you deny that you and all other members of the McCarthy staff that helped the Secretary Stevens and Mr. Adams or both of them.
A total of 65 times on the telephone with respect to the G. David Shine.
I am not in no position to confirm or deny that I will say this if your question is to Mr. Stevens or Mr. Adams on Shine.
I am sure that there were not 65 specific phone calls between us and Stevens and Adam on Shine.
I may be wrong but I am in fine to think that the figure 65 has a huge investment call made to support none of the next two.
What they will I mean for addiction and not for calls made to the same.
I thought that was the composite figure of calls with the army about Shine.
I might be very wrong.
I thought that was the composite figure of calls with the army.
Calls and meetings with the army about Shine.
I thought that was very different.
What's the use of the word from home?
This is Secretary May.
I mean we have this statement to present to you a momentarily.
I will just do it.
I am sure we have heard that question until we do have a question.
If he says that the calls were between Stevens and Adam and Adam and not on Shine, you are right, sir.
I am wrong and I will apologize.
I thought it was...
You certainly owe me no apology.
I am having a listen to facts here.
If he says there were 65 telephone calls between the heat of office and your office,
and his name is members with respect to the G. David Shine, did you deny that?
I would say, sir, before I answer that, I would have to know if he means and includes the Matt calls down to 46,
and there was no my belief that Camp Gordon to get information from Shine.
If he includes dolls, I would say the figure is wall.
If he does not include dolls, I would say the figure is very high.
Yes, sir.
Thank you very much.
But, sir, may I say I was looking to the testimony of Mr. Stevens
and just for only 65 telephone calls made to Dave Shine, that Camp Dick.
Then my office staff was not following my instructions, because I knew I asked him much more than 65 telephone calls.
Before Dave Shine gets information from me.
I was only looking at my question, but my question was, I am ready to use.
And I am already telling up from the signal of Secretary Stevens.
I am being a secretary child, and it was born to get.
From mid-inlie of life care until March 1 of this year,
Navy Shine was discussed between one branch or other of the department of the Army and Senator McCarthy.
Our members of this staff in more than 65 telephone calls.
But not that this is the statement that is valid, page 142.
I believe that does confirm what we thought Mr. Jenkins,
that the reference was not the calls between Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams and us, but included by my calls calls between one branch or the other of the department of the Army and Senator McCarthy or members of this staff.
And that of course wouldn't close calls to 46 and to Camp Gordon.
And on that page, as I would say, sir, that's the figure is probably well.
Let's not include your calls today, Shine.
Sir, I don't believe we could call him directly.
What we would have to do is call down to 46 and to the headquarters there and ask that he call us back.
And I assume that they were counting a call which we might have made down there asking to have him call us as a call between us and someone in the Army in which Shine was discussed.
And I don't call what I'm doing now.
Now in school, let's read it again.
I have right here in the marksman of this year's David Shine was discussed.
Now if you call for six and talk to General Ryan, our Captain Court, and what it just talks to Dave Shine,
that would simply have been a request to Dave Shine call you, wouldn't have been a discussion of Dave Shine.
Sir, my interpretation is that those calls would be included in this, but if I might respectfully suggest Mr. Jenkins that the Army could give us a breakdown on this way with no.
Say over that.
Say where?
Well, it's the Secretary of Means.
What she says, when you say it too, I say the figure is well sir.
He's well.
Yes.
It's the Secretary of Means that allows us to know that he involves the discretion between you or the McCarthy Committee and the Negative Bank of the Government in which Dave Shine was discussed with Rufford Sticks.
This been stations or treatment times, he says, hi.
Hi, sir.
What about this statement of the Secretary, that being the same thing, the matter was discussed in approximately 19 meetings between Army personnel and Senator McCarthy or members of his staff.
Now that explains Dave Shine.
Either discretion was Dave Shine and it excludes any discussion except say the discussion between Army personnel.
That would include the General Ryan and Senator McCarthy in this staff.
What do you say about that, Ms. Houten?
Sir, I would say that is acceptable to just about the same interpretation because if I went down and to see Shine and I went in first and spoke to a Lieutenant Flouw or something like that, I suppose that was counted as a discussion.
I just don't know what they mean, sir.
It's very hard when they give you a general conclusion here without giving you the facts to support it to know just what they do.
And if we could get a breakdown, I would be very happy to testify as to a specific fact.
I can't very well do that in the face of the people.
Conclusion.
Well, here he has said that there were 84 discussions either telephonic or personal with respect to this one private in the Army and now Mr. Colton.
On your own interpretation of what he means, don't you think?
That such a non-usually large number of conversations and the consumption of a lot of time with respect to this one private in the Army regardless of the knowledge that he has in his investigations on the McCarthy Kingdom.
Now, if you think that under the circumstances in which the contacts were had and the information was being gotten and the general picture on the committee and the fact that it did not interfere with this training, has has been testified to here and that he did not receive preferential treatment, has has been testified to here.
My answer to your question would be, I do not serve.
You do not think so, sir.
Would you say that any effort will song your part?
You just easily use the violence to get a commission.
Are you giving me time to the New York area?
Was influenced even to the slightest degree by your friendship, by your fondness, by your closeness to a mortgage or not?
I think the sort of my answer to you and that would be this. As far as finishing the committee work was concerned or anything like that, no.
What I did and what I was instructed to do was done only with relation to committee work and without any regard to the fact that Dave Schein or anyone else on the staff might be a personal friend of mine.
When so far as the commission is concerned, sir, he gave me a reference on that application for a commission and I would say that the response I gave, I would have given an interrogation about that, would have been influenced by my acquaintance with him and the fact that I had known him before he had come with the committee.
Yes sir.
Did you know on November 7th the senator from Wisconsin, the chairman of this committee, all the stadiums and said that, like home, thought, shine, shit, be generally army and running from the pithouse on the wall over that tree.
No, no, I've only quoted you senator, don't mean to, certainly, him. All right, I beg your pardon. I beg your pardon. All you just precisely, what is this?
Now in that conversation, Senator McCarthy says that one of the few things that he had trouble with the call about was David Schein.
You were just going to be, I heard that testimony, sir.
Any and this further, why things to be all of the agenda, an operate from the panel from the world of our story or works to that effect?
I have to say senator, I've been sitting here and I have been reading from the testimony.
I have to say, interrupting you, I think that you are equally vigorous in your cost, examination and both sides.
I think you should be, the other day I was equally uncivilized, I have to, I have to, I have to, I have to say, I have to, I have to say.
I did tell a reporter in time to share and strengthen that because I meant to be equally vigorous.
I do think that if you are any question about this conversation, been McCarthy and Adams or Stephen's teacher coolant of the North position who answered the questions, I think you got a question for me.
I agree to hear your thoughts, I agree to your thoughts, I agree to your thoughts, I agree to your thoughts, examination and they will be sufficiently vigorous to bring up those things.
What was your thought that I was keeping? Did senator McCarthy say anything about making such a statement?
No, sorry, did not. Did you decide to say anything about it? No, sir.
What did senator McCarthy have trouble with you about being chiant?
Senator McCarthy has at one time or another had trouble with me about myself and about just about every other member of the state.
Did he have any serious trouble with me about Dave Shiner?
Any other member of the state, the answer to that is no sir.
Our office is just like every other office of its kind except perhaps it's a good deal, busier, tempers are short and we try to get out a lot of work and the boys down there do the very best job they can.
There are differences of opinion. Senator McCarthy suggests on occasion that we do things in the wrong way we probably do and he's probably completely justified.
I would hope that we could be judged on the fate of be judged on the overall result which is the product of a good deal of hard work and I hope not entirely unsatisfactor the overall result in the action of the committee during the last year and exposing communists in vital places.
And performing what I hope has been some kind of a service.
What it is and truth is you move your head now and Dave Shiner's name is mentioned and Dave is not just welcome to be community remains.
That is, come along and see that it's completely untrue sir.
The only incident where there was a list of right in them about the issue of about answering a question if I'm a victim.
The only incident where I ever heard any discussion about Dave Shiner and KP was the incident taking place the beginning of January.
When he was to get some kind of duty it turns out to be KP during a day a non-training day when he was to work on one of these reports which was due to go to the printer within a few days.
At that time I believe I told Lieutenant Floum and everyone else who had anything to do with it but for my money they could put Dave Shiner on KP all night long every night of the week.
But that I would appreciate it because the available to do the work he has to do during non-training power.
Sir outside of that I never expressed any interest and I had not and the number of times Dave Shiner's on KP or anything else and I have not now.
Chairman, now I have a clock and I think it's going to be a long day for Dave.
The chair says it's about a thousand years ago one time he started up and he's become his two teachers.
And some times that just as all he was to start with the people that he had to keep up his schools or the night he had to keep me here to fly and he hopes to close his work that he does we will now conclude and be present until 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning.
I have to howard in there everybody.
Thank you.